Wake up and get up.
The Queen
Servants don't know what to do wrong.
Afraid of what?
The bow is much gentler than the concubine.
Gentle
Gentle Knife
Knives to cut people's lives
My form dress has been washed.
I heard you're smart.
Give all the gifts that the emperor gave to the princess.
Lots of rewards.
Even if you sell it to the whorehouse 100 times, you won't get it all.
You tell me.
What should you do?
In return.
I want to share my worries with you.
Princess Yao
My mother can make it for you.
Because I wear the form.
So me...
Please wear the form.
The sergeant shared his concerns for the lady.
Closer.
Let the guard take a good look.
Congratulations on your promotion to Queen's.
The secret princess arrived.
I have met Your Majesty.

Princess for free
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Today is your birthday.
No need to be polite.
Bright red
The Beautiful Princess
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Why hasn't Princess Yao come yet?
That bitch.
Surely afraid of being threatened by the bow did not dare to come.
Princess Yao arrives
Lady Yao stole the spotlight from Lady Mi.
See the location of the princess.
Isn't that dress dyed?
How could that be?
The position of vice president is mine.
Falling
Blood
The phoenix on Lady Yao's dress is bleeding.